I am an Electrical and Computer Engineering student at Georgia Tech and interested in entering your co-op program, particularly the positions of PC/LAN Support, Network Systems, or Dist. Systems/Unix/SAN Support, as I have experience in the field of IT and Networking. 
I previously attended Berry College under a Dual Degree Engineering program. While there, I worked in the student work program for the Office of Information Technology. I worked in the Technical Support Desk where I interacted directly with users to solve everything from simple problems (e.g. Microsoft Office, account/password problems, etc.) to more technical issues (e.g. printers, network connectivity, etc.), which improved both my technical and customer service skills. By my second year, I was a level 3 Student Supervisor (and I was level 5, the highest student position, by my third), training new student workers, assisting them in troubleshooting difficult isssues, and managing and updating documentation. While there, I also completed a handful of IT certifications, including CompTIA A+ and Network+. 
I've had an interest in software, networking, and IT for several years now. I built my first PC in early high school (and a couple others since). I was originally a Computer Science major, and was introduced to Java in high school, and since have experimented on my own with some Python, Perl, and PHP. I also recently became interested in network administration, and for several years hosted a site on a headless linux server at home using Apache, SQL, SSH, and other common networking tools. Having grown up using it, I am experienced with setting up and troubleshooting Windows; however, I now use linux as my primary operating system on my personal machines.
I would love to continue to work in the IT field while continuing my education in Atlanta, and Norfolk Southern's internship program strikes me as an excellent oppertunity to do so. My contact information should be available on my resume, so please feel free to contact me. Thank you for considering me for your position.

Sincerely,

Charles Julian Knight